Update Data Prepper key_value processor docs (#5153)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/key-value.md

| prefix | A prefix to append before all keys. Optional. Default value is an empty string. | If `prefix` is `"custom"`, `{"key1=value1"}` parses into `{"customkey1": "value1"}`.|
| delete_key_regex | A regular expression specifying the characters to delete from the key. Special regular expression characters such as `[` and `]` must be escaped with `\\`. Cannot be an empty string. Optional. No default value. | If `delete_key_regex` is `"\s"`, `{"key1 =value1"}` parses into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |
| delete_value_regex | A regular expression specifying the characters to delete from the value. Special regular expression characters such as `[` and `]` must be escaped with `\\`. Cannot be an empty string. Optional. No default value. | If `delete_value_regex` is `"\s"`, `{"key1=value1 "}` parses into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |

> | include_keys | An array specifying the keys which should be added to parse. By default, all keys will be added. | If `include_keys` is `["key2"]`. `key1=value1&key2=value2` will parse into `{"key2": "value2"}`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| include_keys | An array specifying the keys which should be added for parsing. By default, all keys will be added. | If `include_keys` is `["key2"]`. `key1=value1&key2=value2` will parse into `{"key2": "value2"}`. |
```

> | include_keys | An array specifying the keys which should be added for parsing. By default, all keys will be added. | If `include_keys` is `["key2"]`,`key1=value1&key2=value2` will parse into `{"key2": "value2"}`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| include_keys | An array specifying the keys that should be added for parsing. By default, all keys will be added. | If `include_keys` is `["key2"]`,`key1=value1&key2=value2` will parse into `{"key2": "value2"}`. |
```

> | exclude_keys | An array specifying the parsed keys which should not be added to the event. By default no keys will be excluded. | If `exclude_keys` is `["key2"]`. `key1=value1&key2=value2` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| exclude_keys | An array specifying the parsed keys which should not be added to the event. By default no keys will be excluded. | If `exclude_keys` is `["key2"]`,`key1=value1&key2=value2` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |
```

> | exclude_keys | An array specifying the parsed keys which should not be added to the event. By default no keys will be excluded. | If `exclude_keys` is `["key2"]`, `key1=value1&key2=value2` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| exclude_keys | An array specifying the parsed keys that should not be added to the event. By default, no keys will be excluded. | If `exclude_keys` is `["key2"]`, `key1=value1&key2=value2` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |
```

> | default_values | A map specifying the default keys and their values which should be added to the event in case these keys do not exist in the source field being parsed. If the default key already exists in the message, the value is not changed. `include_keys` filter will be applied to the message before `default_values`. | If `default_values` is `{"defaultkey": "defaultvalue"}`. `key1=value1` will parse into `{"key1": "value1", "defaultkey": "defaultvalue"}`. <br /> If `default_values` is `{"key1": "abc"}`. `key1=value1` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `include_keys` is `["key1"]`, and `default_values` is `{"key2": "value2"}`. `key1=value1&key2=abc` will parse into `{"key1": "value1", "key2": "value2"}`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| default_values | A map specifying the default keys and their values which should be added to the event in case these keys do not exist in the source field being parsed. If the default key already exists in the message, the value is not changed. `include_keys` filter will be applied to the message before `default_values`. | If `default_values` is `{"defaultkey": "defaultvalue"}`, `key1=value1` will parse into `{"key1": "value1", "defaultkey": "defaultvalue"}`. <br /> If `default_values` is `{"key1": "abc"}`, `key1=value1` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `include_keys` is `["key1"]` and `default_values` is `{"key2": "value2"}`, `key1=value1&key2=abc` will parse into `{"key1": "value1", "key2": "value2"}`. |
```

> | default_values | A map specifying the default keys and their values which should be added to the event in case these keys do not exist in the source field being parsed. If the default key already exists in the message, the value is not changed. `include_keys` filter will be applied to the message before `default_values`. | If `default_values` is `{"defaultkey": "defaultvalue"}`, `key1=value1` will parse into `{"key1": "value1", "defaultkey": "defaultvalue"}`. <br /> If `default_values` is `{"key1": "abc"}`, `key1=value1` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `include_keys` is `["key1"]` and `default_values` is `{"key2": "value2"}`, `key1=value1&key2=abc` will parse into `{"key1": "value1", "key2": "value2"}`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| default_values | A map specifying the default keys and their values that should be added to the event in case these keys do not exist in the source field being parsed. If the default key already exists in the message, the value is not changed. The `include_keys` filter will be applied to the message before `default_values`. | If `default_values` is `{"defaultkey": "defaultvalue"}`, `key1=value1` will parse into `{"key1": "value1", "defaultkey": "defaultvalue"}`. <br /> If `default_values` is `{"key1": "abc"}`, `key1=value1` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `include_keys` is `["key1"]` and `default_values` is `{"key2": "value2"}`, `key1=value1&key2=abc` will parse into `{"key1": "value1", "key2": "value2"}`. |
```

> | transform_key | Change keys to lowercase, uppercase, or capitalize keys. | If `transform_key` is `lowercase`. `{"Key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `transform_key` is `uppercase`. `{"key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"KEY1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `transform_key` is `capitalize`. `{"key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"Key1": "value1"}`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| transform_key | When to change keys to lowercase, uppercase, or captalize. | If `transform_key` is `lowercase`, `{"Key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `transform_key` is `uppercase`, `{"key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"KEY1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `transform_key` is `capitalize`, `{"key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"Key1": "value1"}`. |
```

> | transform_key | When to change keys to lowercase, uppercase, or captalize. | If `transform_key` is `lowercase`, `{"Key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `transform_key` is `uppercase`, `{"key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"KEY1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `transform_key` is `capitalize`, `{"key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"Key1": "value1"}`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| transform_key | When to lowercase, uppercase, or capitalize keys. | If `transform_key` is `lowercase`, `{"Key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `transform_key` is `uppercase`, `{"key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"KEY1": "value1"}`. <br /> If `transform_key` is `capitalize`, `{"key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"Key1": "value1"}`. |
```

> | whitespace | Specify whether to be lenient or strict with the acceptance of unnecessary whitespace surrounding the configured value-split sequence. Default is `lenient`. | If `whitespace` is `"lenient"`, `{"key1  =  value1"}` will parse into `{"key1  ": "  value1"}`; if `whitespace` is `"strict"`. `{"key1  =  value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| whitespace | Specify whether to be lenient or strict with the acceptance of unnecessary whitespace surrounding the configured value-split sequence. Default is `lenient`. | If `whitespace` is `"lenient"`, `{"key1  =  value1"}` will parse into `{"key1  ": "  value1"}`. If `whitespace` is `"strict"`, `{"key1  =  value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |
```

> | whitespace | Specify whether to be lenient or strict with the acceptance of unnecessary whitespace surrounding the configured value-split sequence. Default is `lenient`. | If `whitespace` is `"lenient"`, `{"key1  =  value1"}` will parse into `{"key1  ": "  value1"}`. If `whitespace` is `"strict"`, `{"key1  =  value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| whitespace | Specifies whether to be lenient or strict with the acceptance of unnecessary whitespace surrounding the configured value-split sequence. Default is `lenient`. | If `whitespace` is `"lenient"`, `{"key1  =  value1"}` will parse into `{"key1  ": "  value1"}`. If `whitespace` is `"strict"`, `{"key1  =  value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |
```

> | skip_duplicate_values | A boolean option for removing duplicate key/value pairs. When set to true, only one unique key/value pair will be preserved. Default is `false`. | If `skip_duplicate_values` is `false`. `{"key1=value1&key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": ["value1", "value1"]}`; if  `skip_duplicate_values` is `true`. `{"key1=value1&key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| skip_duplicate_values | A Boolean option for removing duplicate key-value pairs. When set to true, only one unique key-value pair will be preserved. Default is `false`. | If `skip_duplicate_values` is `false`.,`{"key1=value1&key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": ["value1", "value1"]}`. If  `skip_duplicate_values` is `true`, `{"key1=value1&key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |
```

> | skip_duplicate_values | A Boolean option for removing duplicate key-value pairs. When set to true, only one unique key-value pair will be preserved. Default is `false`. | If `skip_duplicate_values` is `false`.,`{"key1=value1&key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": ["value1", "value1"]}`. If  `skip_duplicate_values` is `true`, `{"key1=value1&key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| skip_duplicate_values | A Boolean option for removing duplicate key-value pairs. When set to `true`, only one unique key-value pair will be preserved. Default is `false`. | If `skip_duplicate_values` is `false`, `{"key1=value1&key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": ["value1", "value1"]}`. If  `skip_duplicate_values` is `true`, `{"key1=value1&key1=value1"}` will parse into `{"key1": "value1"}`. |
```

> | remove_brackets | Specify whether to treat square brackets, angle brackets, and parentheses as value "wrappers" that should be removed from the value. Default is `false`. | If `remove_brackets` is `true`. `{"key1=(value1)"}` will parse into `{"key1": value1}`; if `remove_brackets` is `false`. `{"key1=(value1)"}` will parse into `{"key1": "(value1)"}`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| remove_brackets | Specify whether to treat square brackets, angle brackets, and parentheses as value "wrappers" that should be removed from the value. Default is `false`. | If `remove_brackets` is `true`.,`{"key1=(value1)"}` will parse into `{"key1": value1}`. If `remove_brackets` is `false`, `{"key1=(value1)"}` will parse into `{"key1": "(value1)"}`. |
```

> | remove_brackets | Specify whether to treat square brackets, angle brackets, and parentheses as value "wrappers" that should be removed from the value. Default is `false`. | If `remove_brackets` is `true`.,`{"key1=(value1)"}` will parse into `{"key1": value1}`. If `remove_brackets` is `false`, `{"key1=(value1)"}` will parse into `{"key1": "(value1)"}`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| remove_brackets | Specifies whether to treat square brackets, angle brackets, and parentheses as value "wrappers" that should be removed from the value. Default is `false`. | If `remove_brackets` is `true`, `{"key1=(value1)"}` will parse into `{"key1": value1}`. If `remove_brackets` is `false`, `{"key1=(value1)"}` will parse into `{"key1": "(value1)"}`. |
```

> | recursive | Specify whether to drill down into values and recursively get more key-value pairs from it. The extra key-value pairs will be stored as sub keys of the root key. Default is `false`. The levels of recursive parsing must be defined by different brackets for each level: `[]`, `()`, and `<>` in this order. Any other configurations specified will only be applied on the outmost keys. <br />While `recursive` is `true`: <br /> `remove_brackets` cannot also be `true`;<br />`skip_duplicate_values` will always be `true`; <br />`whitespace` will always be `"strict"`. | If `recursive` is true. `{"item1=[item1-subitem1=item1-subitem1-value&item1-subitem2=(item1-subitem2-subitem2A=item1-subitem2-subitem2A-value&item1-subitem2-subitem2B=item1-subitem2-subitem2B-value)]&item2=item2-value"}` will parse into `{"item1": {"item1-subitem1": "item1-subitem1-value", "item1-subitem2": {"item1-subitem2-subitem2A": "item1-subitem2-subitem2A-value", "item1-subitem2-subitem2B": "item1-subitem2-subitem2B-value"}}}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| recursive | Specify whether to drill down into values and recursively get more key-value pairs from it. The extra key-value pairs will be stored as sub-keys of the root key. Default is `false`. The levels of recursive parsing must be defined by different brackets for each level: `[]`, `()`, and `<>` in this order. Any other configurations specified will only be applied on the outmost keys. <br />While `recursive` is `true`: <br /> `remove_brackets` cannot also be `true`;<br />`skip_duplicate_values` will always be `true`; <br />`whitespace` will always be `"strict"`. | If `recursive` is true, `{"item1=[item1-subitem1=item1-subitem1-value&item1-subitem2=(item1-subitem2-subitem2A=item1-subitem2-subitem2A-value&item1-subitem2-subitem2B=item1-subitem2-subitem2B-value)]&item2=item2-value"}` will parse into `{"item1": {"item1-subitem1": "item1-subitem1-value", "item1-subitem2" {"item1-subitem2-subitem2A": "item1-subitem2-subitem2A-value", "item1-subitem2-subitem2B": "item1-subitem2-subitem2B-value"}}}`. |
```

> | recursive | Specify whether to drill down into values and recursively get more key-value pairs from it. The extra key-value pairs will be stored as sub-keys of the root key. Default is `false`. The levels of recursive parsing must be defined by different brackets for each level: `[]`, `()`, and `<>` in this order. Any other configurations specified will only be applied on the outmost keys. <br />While `recursive` is `true`: <br /> `remove_brackets` cannot also be `true`;<br />`skip_duplicate_values` will always be `true`; <br />`whitespace` will always be `"strict"`. | If `recursive` is true, `{"item1=[item1-subitem1=item1-subitem1-value&item1-subitem2=(item1-subitem2-subitem2A=item1-subitem2-subitem2A-value&item1-subitem2-subitem2B=item1-subitem2-subitem2B-value)]&item2=item2-value"}` will parse into `{"item1": {"item1-subitem1": "item1-subitem1-value", "item1-subitem2" {"item1-subitem2-subitem2A": "item1-subitem2-subitem2A-value", "item1-subitem2-subitem2B": "item1-subitem2-subitem2B-value"}}}`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| recursive | Specifies whether to recursively obtain additional key-value pairs from values. The extra key-value pairs will be stored as sub-keys of the root key. Default is `false`. The levels of recursive parsing must be defined by different brackets for each level: `[]`, `()`, and `<>`, in this order. Any other configurations specified will only be applied to the outmost keys. <br />When `recursive` is `true`: <br /> `remove_brackets` cannot also be `true`;<br />`skip_duplicate_values` will always be `true`; <br />`whitespace` will always be `"strict"`. | If `recursive` is true, `{"item1=[item1-subitem1=item1-subitem1-value&item1-subitem2=(item1-subitem2-subitem2A=item1-subitem2-subitem2A-value&item1-subitem2-subitem2B=item1-subitem2-subitem2B-value)]&item2=item2-value"}` will parse into `{"item1": {"item1-subitem1": "item1-subitem1-value", "item1-subitem2" {"item1-subitem2-subitem2A": "item1-subitem2-subitem2A-value", "item1-subitem2-subitem2B": "item1-subitem2-subitem2B-value"}}}`. |
```

> | recursive | Specify whether to drill down into values and recursively get more key-value pairs from it. The extra key-value pairs will be stored as sub-keys of the root key. Default is `false`. The levels of recursive parsing must be defined by different brackets for each level: `[]`, `()`, and `<>` in this order. Any other configurations specified will only be applied on the outmost keys. <br />While `recursive` is `true`: <br /> `remove_brackets` cannot also be `true`;<br />`skip_duplicate_values` will always be `true`; <br />`whitespace` will always be `"strict"`. | If `recursive` is true, `{"item1=[item1-subitem1=item1-subitem1-value&item1-subitem2=(item1-subitem2-subitem2A=item1-subitem2-subitem2A-value&item1-subitem2-subitem2B=item1-subitem2-subitem2B-value)]&item2=item2-value"}` will parse into `{"item1": {"item1-subitem1": "item1-subitem1-value", "item1-subitem2" {"item1-subitem2-subitem2A": "item1-subitem2-subitem2A-value", "item1-subitem2-subitem2B": "item1-subitem2-subitem2B-value"}}}`. |

Reviewer 2: Confirm that my changes retain the intended meaning. Also, do we have to use "outmost", or should it be "outermost"?

Reviewer: Outermost is fine.

> | overwrite_if_destination_exists | Specify whether to overwrite existing fields if there are key conflicts when writing parsed fields to the event. Default is `true`. | If `overwrite_if_destination_exists` is `true` and destination is `null`, `{"key1": "old_value", "message": "key1=new_value"}` will parse into `{"key1": "new_value", "message": "key1=new_value"}`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| overwrite_if_destination_exists | Specifies whether to overwrite existing fields if there are key conflicts when writing parsed fields to the event. Default is `true`. | If `overwrite_if_destination_exists` is `true` and destination is `null`, `{"key1": "old_value", "message": "key1=new_value"}` will parse into `{"key1": "new_value", "message": "key1=new_value"}`. |
```

> | tags_on_failure | When a `kv` operation causes a runtime exception within the processor, the operation is safely aborted without crashing the processor, and the event is tagged with the provided tags. | If `tags_on_failure` is set to `["keyvalueprocessor_failure"]`, `{"tags": ["keyvalueprocessor_failure"]}` will be added to the event's metadata in the case of a runtime exception. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| tags_on_failure | When a `kv` operation causes a runtime exception within the processor, the operation is safely stopped without crashing the processor, and the event is tagged with the provided tags. | If `tags_on_failure` is set to `["keyvalueprocessor_failure"]`, `{"tags": ["keyvalueprocessor_failure"]}` will be added to the event's metadata in the event of a runtime exception. |
```

> | tags_on_failure | When a kv operation causes a runtime exception to be thrown within the processor, the operation is safely aborted without crashing the processor, and the event is tagged with the provided tags. | If `tags_on_failure` is set to `["keyvalueprocessor_failure"]`, in the case of a runtime exception, `{"tags": ["keyvalueprocessor_failure"]}` will be added to the event's metadata. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tags_on_failure | When a `kv` operation causes a runtime exception within the processor, the operation is safely aborted without crashing the processor, and the event is tagged with the provided tags. | If `tags_on_failure` is set to `["keyvalueprocessor_failure"]`, `{"tags": ["keyvalueprocessor_failure"]}` will be added to the event's metadata in the case of a runtime exception. |
```
